Project Partners was
set up as an international collaboration
between UK and Ghana
in order to be able to realise engaging
and exciting new types of learning.
Project Partners wants to try and change
the mindset of learning, away from
being told what to do and more towards
celebrating the individual approaches
that every person has to a problem.
As we look to grow
more as a charity,
we're looking to be able to provide
resources and materials
across the spectrum of different needs.
What we hope is to inspire
a global movement
towards engagement-focused learning
and really give the tools in the classroom
to be able to make those things real.